admins/s4/20230719-tonys-behavior-ban.md, before:

---
title: TonyS/Zaps Behavior Ban
date: 07-19-2023
scribe: Shakadi
---

# TonyS Behavior Ban

- Date and time of occurrence: 07-12-2023 13:00 EST

- Description of the event: RFA Elite player 'TonyS' (AKA Zaps) was banned by Admin vote due to breaking Discord ToS for threatening violence.

## Summary

- Brief overview of what happened: 
  - At approximately 00:23 7/12/2023, TonyS posted "I'm gonna give tower $100 to ray rice yo" and "$100 to punch his sister".
  

- Impact of the event: 
  - Removal of the player.


- Response and resolution: 
  - Banned player 'TonyS' by unianimous vote. 

## Conclusion

- Encouraging violence against anyone is a violation of Discord ToS and can result in the server being shut down and is intolerable. In addition, the behavior is unacceptable and should always result in heavy punishment.

## Appendix

- Relevant rules: 
  - Rule 22: Threats of violence
  - Rule 24: Breaking Discord ToS


- <ins>Punishment History for 'TonyS' supporting our decision to ban</ins>
  - **July 5th:** Warning for using slurs/derogatory words.
  - **Feb 25th:** Warning for failing to follow a verbal warning.

Commit message:

Clarifying that TonyS ban is permanent as it was missing before

admins/s4/20230719-tonys-behavior-ban.md, after:

---
title: TonyS/Zaps Behavior Ban
date: 07-19-2023
scribe: Shakadi
---

# TonyS Behavior Ban

- Date and time of occurrence: 07-12-2023 13:00 EST

- Description of the event: RFA Elite player 'TonyS' (AKA Zaps) was banned by Admin vote due to breaking Discord ToS for threatening violence.

## Summary

- Brief overview of what happened: 
  - At approximately 00:23 7/12/2023, TonyS posted "I'm gonna give tower $100 to ray rice yo" and "$100 to punch his sister".
  

- Impact of the event: 
  - Removal of the player.


- Response and resolution: 
  - Banned player 'TonyS' by unianimous vote. 

## Conclusion

- Encouraging violence against anyone is a violation of Discord ToS and can result in the server being shut down and is intolerable. In addition, the behavior is unacceptable and should always result in heavy punishment.

- This is a permanent ban from Valorant Draft Circuit and can not be appealed.

## Appendix

- Relevant rules: 
  - Rule 22: Threats of violence
  - Rule 24: Breaking Discord ToS


- <ins>Punishment History for 'TonyS' supporting our decision to ban</ins>
  - **July 5th:** Warning for using slurs/derogatory words.
  - **Feb 25th:** Warning for failing to follow a verbal warning.
