admins/s6/20240430-Izuku-Acefire-permaban-harrassment.md, before:

---
title: Izuku/Acefire Harrasment Permaban
date: 04-30-2024
scribe: Hunter
--- 
# Izuku/Acefire Harrasment Permaban

- Date  of occurrence: First report: 3/8 multiple reports following on 4/13 and another on 4/26

- Description of the event: Izuku/Acefire as reported multiple times for repeated harrassment targeting members of the VDC community that identify as non binary or She/hers. 

## Summary

- Brief overview of what happened:
    - The former member of VDC known as Izuku/Acefire has been reported multiple times for harrassing multiple members of the VDC community targeting non binary members and members who identify as She/Her. This player was given a warning/mute on 4/19 and then less than a week later harrassed another member of VDC which was reported on 4/26. 

- Impact of the event: This player has now been permabanned from VDC due to the harrassment of members. 

- Response and resolution:
    - Izuku has been banned from VDC permanently as we take harrassment of members extremely seriously. 
    
 ## Conclusion

- Harrassment Is an untolerable offense in VDC as we want this community to be a safe place for all gamers of all walks of life. 

## Appendix

- Relevant Rules:
    - Rule 11: Harassment (multiple instances)
    - Rule 9: False accusations

Commit message:

Update 20240430-Izuku-Acefire-permaban-harrassment.md (#14)

admins/s6/20240430-Izuku-Acefire-permaban-harrassment.md, after:

---
title: Izuku/Acefire Harassment Permanent Ban
date: 04-30-2024
scribe: Hunter
--- 
# Izuku/Acefire Harassment Permaban

- Date  of occurrence: 
    - First report: March 8, 2024 
    - Multiple reports following on April 13, 2024, and another on April 25, 2024

- Description of the event: Izuku/Acefire/Shinso/Pininfarrina was reported multiple times for repeated harassment targeting members of the VDC community who identify as female or non-binary. 

## Summary

- Brief overview of what happened:
    - The former member of VDC, known as Izuku, Acefire, Shinso, pininfarrina (Izuku from this point forward), has been reported multiple times for harassing multiple members of the VDC community. These members were targeted based on their pronouns and gender expression, specifically women and non-binary players. The form of harassment included: unwanted dms to the player themself or to their target's friends; constant requests to be friends on various platforms and games despite being removed and told that he was removed from friends lists; finding players on social media and tracking down IRL accounts; threatening self-harm because he was not receiving attention from his targets; and overall disrespecting boundaries even when the targeted players expressed they were uncomfortable with his behavior. 

Izuku was given a mute and a warning to cease his harassment on April 19, 2024. He continued to harass players even after his mute, culminating in a final report on April 25, 2024. 

Izuku did not respond well to his initial punishment, attempting to falsely accuse players of breaking rules. These players were people he assumed had reported him of "starting it" and "lur[ing] him in." This would have fallen under Rule 9, False accusations of a serious offense (ex: intentionally falsely accusing others of tier 2/3 rule breaks).

- Impact of the event: This player is no longer welcome in this league and is subsequently permanently banned from VDC due to his harassment of members. 

- Response and resolution:
    - Izuku has been banned from VDC permanently as we take harassment of members extremely seriously. 
    
 ## Conclusion

- Harassment is unacceptable in this league. We strive to keep this league open and welcoming to gamers no matter their gender expression or backgrounds. This league is not a place for unwanted advances, harassment, or boundary pushing. As a result, any player found to have harassed another player and/or staff member will no longer ever be welcome in this league. 

## Appendix

- Relevant Rules:
    - Rule 11: Harassment (multiple instances)
    - Rule 9: False accusations of a serious offense (ex: intentionally falsely accusing others of tier 2/3 rule breaks)
